Hey guys, and welcome to the Complete Blender
Creator! My name's Ben! And I'm Michael! And together we are really excited,
because we get to see how you change as you progress through this course!
You can go from 0 skills to really quite a capable artist, pretty quickly!
So who's going to be the main instructor on the course, Mikey?! I am! OK,
so Ben's going, I'm going to be your main instructor, guiding you through most of the changes we're
experiencing in Blender, and Ben here, he's really in the background helping support. And he will
pop into the occasional lectures. I know we've got a couple on Unity, coming up
as well. So he's going to be there as support to make sure that the learning journey for you
guys is great! Absolutely! So, attached to this lecture, you've
got a link over to Google Slides. That's where you want to go to get the latest section
notes. They're always going to tell you what's coming up on the video, the details of your challenge,
and there'll be several diagrams and useful features in there. So go over there, it's a fully
intractable document, right, Mikey? Yep, that's great, and immediate feedback is what
So if you spot a typo do let us know, and we can fix that for you! And also,
attached to this particular lecture we have your assets, so anything that you're going
to need in this section, they're attached there. Download them now, so you've got them
handy on your computer. Absolutely! So to end this off, we're going to switch into a screen
class, where Mikey has got a challenge for you!
OK guys, it's challenge time! I'd like you to go ahead and say
hello! So post a comment against this lecture.
Introduce yourself to the community. Let us know what your
goals are and ambitions are. Have a
look at some of the other students. Say hello to them, see if they've got similar
interests to yourself. It's a great way to meetup with other people who want
to use Blender and have the same style as you. Perhaps you're looking for an artist to work with,
well this might be an absolutely wonderful opportunity to do so!
Now, remember to come back here to meet new faces! You will obviously
have to come back to this particular lecture and have a look over there.
Of course, we've got the Facebook group as well, if you want to pop over there and join
that. So pause the video now, and give that a go!
OK guys, welcome back!
I hope you have said hello over in the discussions, it is
important! With all of these challenges, you will find most of the lectures that I
give to you guys will have a challenge, either a small or a big
challenge in them. And it is really important that we engrain the habit now, that you go
ahead and do these challenges. They're really important, they help cement the knowledge
in your mind. And in this particular one it makes sure that you know how
to, for instance, ask questions as well, because it is the same interface.
So with that said, welcome to the course
guys! Let's carry on now, and I will see you guys in the next lecture!